Wrote GIT Rules of Engagement and edited some other sections of READM… (#42)
TNO-Tulipa/TulipaBulb.jl: README.dev.md

## Contributing workflow

Our workflow is:

1) Fetch from org remote, fast-forward your local main
2) Create a branch to address the issue (see below for naming) - *"Always branch from `main`."*
3) Push the new local branch to your personal remote repository
4) Create a pull request to merge your remote branch into the org main

Creating a branch:

- If there is an associated issue, add the issue number
- If there is no associated issue, **and the changes are small**, add a prefix such as "typo", "hotfix", "small-refactor", according to the type of update
- If the changes are not small and there is no associated issue, then create the issue first, so we can properly discuss the changes

> Commit message:

Author: Yeah looks cool but probably too thorough for the level of our team.

- Use imperative, present tense (Add feature, Fix bug)
- Have informative titles
- If necessary, add a body with details

Before creating a pull request:

- Try to create "atomic git commits" (recommended reading: [The Utopic Git History](https://blog.esciencecenter.nl/the-utopic-git-history-d44b81c09593))
- Make sure the tests pass
- Make sure the pre-commit tests pass
- Rebase: Fetch any `main` updates from upstream and rebase your branch into `origin/main` if necessary
- Then you can pen a pull request and work with the reviewer to address any issues

> ## GIT Rules of Engagement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## GitHub Rules of Engagement
```

- Assign only yourself to issues.
- Assign yourself to issues you **want** to address. Consider if you will be able to work on it in the near future - if not, consider leaving it available for someone else to address.
- Set the issue Status to "In Progress" when you have started working on it.
  - Creating a PR for an issue (even if only a draft) will automatically set an issue as 'In Progress.' A good habit is creating a *draft* PR early, to take advantage of this automation and get feedback early.

> - When finalizing a PR, set the Status to "Ready for Review" and consider assigning a specific Reviewer.

Reviewer: I think it's better to have Reviewers self-assign PRs and only request reviews when necessary.

Author: I changed the wording to: 
- When finalizing a PR, set the Status to "Ready for Review" - if someone specific **needs** to review it, you can assign them as the reviewer.

> - When finalizing a PR, set the Status to "Ready for Review" and consider assigning a specific Reviewer.

Author: ```suggestion
- When finalizing a PR, set the Status to "Ready for Review" - if someone specific **needs** to review it, you can assign them as the reviewer.
```
